are you guys gamekeeper journeyer got a
review here today and it's the archive
scorpion sent over to me from a rub rub
really love with looking catapults I've
got quite large hands and it fits my
under treat it's an insanely small
design very compact pocket as well
nice shoes up as a side shoot up like so
as I say fits the unperfect Lister's so
what we'll do is we'll try it out on
this rabbit any jokin there try it out
and there some big ammo and some little
ammo chrony test it feet with it and
they're basically test it through or
there's a lovely piece this will have an
honored place in my collection we've is
made from 80 millimeter birch multiplex
and they're stained he does this in
various different colors and stains he's
also got a few other designs
I'll put full details at the end of the
video on how to contact rub and these
websites and all other stuff so what
word to know guys would get shooting
chrony test see how it shoots one
interest in fingers I've never shot
Forks which lean in words like that
before so it's a new to me so me shooter
might be a bit off I might take a bit of
getting used to outside but what a great
design is so let's get on it and then
get shooting Cheers
time to crowd near them with the
archived scorpion first couple of shots
will be these big in every twelve point
five millimeter steel second couple of
shots will be lit with ease nine point
five millimeter steel obviously these
ones will be slower than 911 but they'll
deliver more energy these ones will be
faster so take it from there guys goon
set the camera up now you can see the
cronies on reset mm tin bands on this
one guys set this up now
we do guys will take shut with each 12.5
Mills deal and she goes skewing some
hotties guys for a big still 260 4.8 FPS
I have to stop in any game anyone out
there guys as I say the big balls let's
deal once the 12.5 mm hey guys now for a
9.5 milk I would expect these to be a
bit faster than the 12 and I'll fill in
all fairness them 12 and 1/2 more went
bloody fast anyway two hundred ninety
three point eight with a 9.5 ml steel so
plenty of Peyronie's goes to show the
draw run this cat sport though the
double bands leave the tapered from 25
mil to 20 mil nice pouch no sighs no sir
up and took method on the band's nicely
attached to the catapult fits the
ungrate the draw some people say the
double bands are odd you know personally
it's nothing in that book but each their
own everybody prefers difference for
their comfortable we call it there for a
long time buying your bands off and
that's maximum
yeah like it to do the shoot in there
hey guys got a target there
thanks just on the five-inch shoots a
couple of various things some big ones
some little ones they're spicy bit
really thought we can do a blemish up
these for cleaning was before so quite
new to me
week one shoot nice as I sound like I'm
aiming or nothing now I'm just pointing
and shooting sorta it's a slight angle
that won't come back at night as I say
these are powerful as well that's
there's no I'm into guys like
point-and-shoots I drift very nice
couple more shots we go now look at the
target bars I'm actually shooting this
normal with a flip style and it's
absolutely great really really good
Wow Robert dissenters decide to to mate
you gotta flip career as well as well as
a very profitable side shooter popping
flipping it ten eight to ten eight and
I'm taking up all that nearly every shot
to show you the target in a minute
check this out then guys you know it's a
side shooter and a bloody good shop side
shooter it's also a very very good flip
style shooter with big heavy ammo and on
tin buns Rob mate when you bit onto a
winner here the new r-ky scorpion thumbs
up from matin